{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red14\green18\blue29;\red245\green245\blue246;\red42\green49\blue64;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c6667\c9412\c15294;\cssrgb\c96863\c96863\c97255;\cssrgb\c21569\c25490\c31765;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\'00;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa640\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs72 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Code Readme\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs32 \cf4 \cb3 This code is designed to extract information from Instagram search results based on a specified business category. It utilises the Selenium and BeautifulSoup libraries in Python to automate the process.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 Prerequisites\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs32 \cf4 \cb3 Before running this code, make sure you have the following dependencies installed:\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Selenium\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
BeautifulSoup\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
pandas\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 Also, you need to download the Chrome driver compatible with your operating system and update the path to the driver file in the code.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 Usage\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs32 \cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Open the code file in a Python environment or editor.\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf4 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Update the path to the Chrome driver on your system: 
\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 driver = webdriver.Chrome('/Users/kobby/Desktop/chromedriver')
\f1\b0\fs32 \cf4 . Make sure the path points to the correct location of the Chrome driver file.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Specify the business category you want to search for by assigning a value to the 
\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 business_category
\f1\b0\fs32 \cf4  variable.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	4	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Provide your Instagram username and password in the respective input boxes: 
\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 username.send_keys('your_username')
\f1\b0\fs32 \cf4  and 
\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 password.send_keys('your_password')
\f1\b0\fs32 \cf4 .\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	5	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Run the code.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 Output\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa400\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs32 \cf4 \cb3 The code will open the Instagram website and log in with the provided credentials. It will then search for the specified business category and extract information from the search results, including the business name, Instagram username, bio link, and image link. The extracted data will be saved in a CSV file named "ig_business.csv" at the specified path: 
\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 df.to_csv('/Users/Kobby/Desktop/ig_business.csv')
\f1\b0\fs32 \cf4 .\cb1 \
\cb3 Note: The code assumes a specific HTML structure of the Instagram website and may need adjustments if the structure changes in the future.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \cb3 Please ensure you comply with Instagram's terms of service and usage policies when using this code for web scraping purposes.}